It's always better when we're together,
- Happy Together! - Happy Together!
Hello.
(They're happy to meet again.)
It's been a while.
Gosh. It's good to see you again.
It's good to see you again.
- Hyun Moo, you look great today. - My gosh.
Congratulations.
He gained a nickname, Grand Award Jun.
- Hi, Grand Award Jun. - Right.
The wrong name "Jun Hyun Moo" was written on the screen just now.
- It's Grand Award Jun now. - I understand.
When I announced the winner on the stage,
- I saw his eyes. - That's right.
- I saw the flaming desire in them. - He looked so scary.
- Why? - I watched the ceremony on TV.
He looked really scary.
Hyun Moo's eyes...
looked like Myung Soo's right before Myung Soo received the grand award.
When Hyun Moo was announced as the grand award winner,
Myung Soo was the most surprised among everyone.
I was sitting next to him that day.
When he was announced as the top excellence award winner,
I saw him sigh quietly. He seemed a bit disappointed.
- Let's congratulate him again. - Okay.
- Hyun Moo deserved the award, - Right.
and it's good news for us.
- That's right. - In fact,
KBS Entertainment Awards wasn't held last year.
- It will be held this year, right? - Yes.
It's okay because Jae Seok will win the grand award again.
Rather than winning the grand award,
- I hope... - Jae Seok is meant to win it.
that Happy Together will be more successful this year,
so we can win the variety show of the year.
- I hope so too. - Right.
I heard that Hyun Moo is seeking to win the grand award from KBS too.
I'm seeking to win the grand award through Happy Together.
- I hope you'll win it. - Winning it once made me greedy.
- Is that so? - It's like the One Ring.
There's something else we should celebrate.
Sae Ho recently joined a popular variety show.
- Yes. Sae Ho... - "Infinite Challenge".
That's right. Thank you.
Sae Ho, Happy Together or "Infinite Challenge"?
- 1, 2, 3. - 2, 3.
(What could be the choice of the nomad entertainer?)
To be honest, I would choose Happy Together.
- It's because... - "To be honest"?
Gosh.
(It was too difficult for him to come up with a good answer.)
What's wrong with my eyes?
(The answer machine is malfunctioning.)
- It's a difficult question. - However,
he chose Happy Together, but our staff members don't seem happy.
That's right.
Also, Hyeon Gyeong is playing such a romantic character...
- She's the queen of sitcom. - She's the queen.
She's the only one who was locked up in prison during the break.
(She went to prison in her sitcom.)
- I mean... - I went to prison.
- She was locked up. - Yes. I was locked up for a while.
We'll continue doing our best to make Happy Together popular,
- so we can get a good result... - Right.
- at the end of 2018. - We should strive for it.
- We'll do our best. - At the end of this year,
I hope every one of us will sit at the Happy Together table...
- all together. - Everyone except for you came.
- Is that so? - Just don't be late.
I promise I'll be there.
Today, we're going to meet very popular stars.
Hyun Moo, please introduce our today's guests.
I would fall into a fiery pit if I can be with them.
- Is that so? - Yes.
You must know the movie, "Along with the Gods: The Two Worlds"...
that hit more than 10 million views.
Today, we'll be with queens.
- Queens. - It's grand award winners' joke.
For a grand award winner, you made such a predictable joke.
Right. I'm sorry.
Now that you won the grand award, all that's left is going down.
For a moment, I thought I can win the grand award too.
There's a jinx on the grand award.
You should be careful after winning the grand award.
I lowered the standard.
- Challenge me anytime. - All right.
We'll meet the queens now. Please come out.
(The queens are entering.)
- Hello. - Kim Se Jeong.
- Hello. - Hello.
Welcome.
From the queen of musical plays...
to the high ratings guaranteed of dramas.
She's charismatic when she plays roles with a high-paying job,
but she's clumsy in real life.
The lovely queen with unexpected charms, Bae Hae Sun.
(Bae Hae Sun, the queen with charming clumsiness)
Hello.
She has a perfect body with ideal body proportions.
She became a star by losing weight. The weight loss queen.
- Lee Soo Kyung! - Lee Soo Kyung.
- Hello. - Lee Soo Kyung!
Hello.
She has an innocent face, but she's also many people's girl crush.
She's energetic and passionate. 24 hours are not enough for her.
The queen of passion, Han Bo Reum.
Let's move on.
She's good at singing, dancing, and acting.
She's becoming more and more successful.
The multi-talented queen, Kim Se Jeong.
Today, these four queens are here with us.
This is Hae Sun's first appearance on Happy Together.
People say that any drama she plays in becomes a big hit.
She's such a great actress and scene stealer.
A prosecutor in "While You Were Sleeping",
a doctor in "Jealousy Incarnate",
a nurse in "Yong Pal",
an oriental doctor in "The Man Who Dies to Live", and...
- And in "Judge vs. Judge"... - I played a judge.
A judge in "Judge vs. Judge".
I played roles in high positions, so someone mentioned the first lady.
- That's the highest position. - That's right.
I played many characters with a specialized job.
Of course I played many other roles as well.
I think I got those roles because of my voice and the way of speaking.
You look trustworthy.
- I think that's why. - Some people say that...
they spend most of their time on eating.
She spends most of her time on finding things.
Is that true?
I happened to get many roles with a specialized job,
- but I am actually quite clumsy. - Are you?
Yes. So I wasn't sure whether I should come onto the show or not.
- Why? - I was afraid...
I might not get such parts anymore when people know my personality.
I saw her while waiting at the back.
She was like a little girl.
She looked like she would laugh over little things like a teenage girl.
- Really? - Yes.
You are so beautiful.
When can I see celebrities so close like this?
(She's excited.)
What is it? I'm serious. Why are you laughing?
I am very nervous right now.
But since you guys lead me well, I'm having fun and feel happy.
- We just... - I guess you imagine things often.
We would like you to share what you imagined,
- She kept it to herself. - but you wouldn't tell us.
Seeing the people I saw on TV so often this close...
makes me feel like you all are especially close to me.
Sae Ho always makes people feel that way.
- You're the same. - Is that so?
Look at him.
He must think he's changed because he won the grand award.
You look the same.
In the drama, "Yong Pal",
you slapped Kim Tae Hee on her face.
In that scene, she's in a coma, right?
She looked like a perfect doll instead of a person.
I didn't think I could hit her.
- You tried to do it at first try. - Yes. However,
I told Tae Hee what I was worried about,
and she told me not to feel bad about it.
She said it would better if we finish it at our first try...
- At the first try. - rather than doing it many times.
- That's what actors usually say. - I told myself to do it at once.
So I hit her and succeeded at my first try.
- At once? - That's a relief.
However, her character was in a coma, but...
- She could've flinched. - That's right.
Then we would've botched the scene.
But she didn't even budge.
- It's not easy to do. - It's really hard.
Didn't she pass out?
- Because you hit her too hard. - That's possible.
- It's just acting, but... - Shall I show you?
- Would you show us? - Yes. Would you like to see?
- Let's do that. - First,
if there's someone Hae Sun wants to be her partner...
- Shall I go first? - Okay.
Why do we get slapped on Happy Together so often?
- I... - We get slapped too often.
We got hit about six times last year alone.
Hae Sun. Please don't hit him right away.
- Rehearse first. - On Happy Together,
we got hit 6 or 7 times per year on average.
- I remember... - Is this a segment or something?
As far as I remember, I have even been hit with a high kick.
Go ahead.
Last time. Gosh.
- Sae Ho will be your partner. - Okay.
- Me? I'm used to this. - Yes.
Stay still.
(The Thursday drama, "Sae Pal")
You are my doll.
Did you have a good day?
(Scary)
(Slapping)
My goodness.
(The hitting sound filled the studio.)
(His soul left his body for a while.)
- His cheek turned red. - Pass.
Good job.
His cheek is so red.
- Your cheek shook. - I felt it.
Even your neck shook.
(Sae Ho, I wish you good luck for the New Year!)
Next up is Hyun Moo's close friend.
Soo Kyung is my neighbor.
- That's right. - I heard it was hard to invite her.
- Why? - While we were making an effort...
to convince her to come on the show,
Hyun Moo tried to stop her from appearing on Happy Together...
instead of helping us convince her.
- No way. - I didn't try to stop her.
Do you think you can do that because you won the grand award?
It wasn't like that.
Are you meddling in the direction of the show now?
Why did you try to stop her...
It wasn't like that. When I got a call from the staff member,
- I called Hyun Moo to consult him. - I see.
He said, "There has been no news about you for a while,"
"and you're not playing in a drama. Are there any stories to tell?"
He looked down on her.
- Just like he does to me. - How could you say that?
- So... He didn't mean it that way. - I meant...
- He was considerate for me. - Is that so?
What made you decide to come here despite that?
Even though there have been no news,
I thought the viewers might want to see me.
That's right.
- And today's... - She's absolutely right.
- Right. - She's right.
- She can be here with no news. - That's right.
There's one more reason I couldn't miss the opportunity.
- Today's theme is "Queens Special". - Yes.
I couldn't help but come here.
(I can't be missed.)
- She can create news on the show. - Of course.
I tried to stop her because of the theme.
How did you two become friends?
- Exactly. - Exactly.
There's a club of celebrities who live in our neighborhood.
- Really? - Yes.
However, weirdly,
Hyun Moo is the only male member of the club.
- My goodness. - I hate him so much.
- It's not like that. - I hate you so much.
- Hey. Why... - More importantly,
- I didn't know our club name. - So?
- It's "Geum and Ok". - What does that mean?
The club members live in Geumho-dong and Oksu-dong.
- He came up with that name too. - Did he come up with that name?
- Yes, he did. - That's such an old-fashioned name.
(Embarrassed)
- Who are the members? - "Geum and Ok"?
- Kim Ji Min. - Kim Ji Min.
- Kim Ji Min? - Ji Min is also a member?
And Song Ji Eun.
- Song Ji Eun? - Yes.
- And Actress Jung Yoo Min. - Right. So...
I wondered if Hyun Moo meets each of us alone privately.
- What are you talking about? - That came across my mind.
Hey. Return the grand award. You brat.
My goodness.
- What's wrong with you? - We only gather and eat together.
(Hae Sun's hand appears.)
What's wrong with you? Look.
- Gosh. What's that? - He should be punished.
- Seriously. - Why should I get slapped?
- It's unbelievable. - Go ahead, and slap him.
- Please calm down. - Let's...
- Let's let her finish first. - Okay.
We might have to ask her to slap him.
Another reason we became good friends is...
- I have two puppies. - They're so cute.
- Hyun Moo adores them so much. - I love them.
Whenever he's free...
- That's not what you think. - He doesn't...
He... That's a typical strategy.
- No. That's an old-fashioned way. - Be careful, Soo Kyung.
Seriously.
I asked her to send her puppies alone if she wasn't free.
- I tell her that all the time. - That's what men usually say.
"Send your puppies alone." What could that mean?
The owner has to take her puppies to his house...
and take them back home.
- I was too naive. - Of course.
Has he ever...
Has he ever told you that he bought dog food or clothes...
for your puppies? Just tell us that.
He once told me that he bought dog food for my puppies,
but I think he used that as an excuse to see me one more time.
Buy her a meal instead of dog food for her puppies.
He doesn't call you late at night, does he?
Late at night?
- No way. - Are you a pathological liar?
Don't make up stories like that.
- Why? - You're taken aback, right?
- Let her finish. - It's because...
Soo Kyung.
- She wouldn't lie on the show. - Calling her at night isn't wrong.
I haven't done that before.
I think this is why he tried to stop her from appearing on this show.
- This is why he tried to stop her. - Let's hear her out.
- I was just thinking. - She's good.
- He hasn't called me at night. - I see.
- He never did that. - However,
I loved your facial expression that looked like he's done so.
- It made our staff feel satisfied. - I...
- Don't edit this part out. - That was good.
- You can use it for the preview. - She made me look bad.
What are you talking about?
Gosh. She's driving me crazy.
(It's always fun to tease Hyun Moo.)
When I see Se Jeong, she looks like a female version of Lee Seung Gi.
She's good at everything including variety shows and acting.
- She sings well too. - Right.
- That's right. - That's not true.
- You won two awards, right? - I am very grateful...
- that I won two awards. - Really?
I won the first award from "S" station.
- She won the best challenge award. - Right.
I didn't expect to win the award at all.
When I gave my acceptance speech,
- I forgot to mention many people. - I see.
I only spoke gibberish.
Since this is my first time...
(She speaks incoherently.)
The entertainers who gave me this opportunity...
(She speaks gibberish.)
So I told myself not to forget anyone...
- that I should thank... - You prepared for it.
if I would ever get invited to any awards ceremony just in case.
- I wrote down their names on paper. - I see.
I didn't know if I would win an award,
but I decided to carry it with me just in case.
- Fortunately, I won it. - You won the award.
2017 KBS Drama Awards.
(Se Jeong won Best New Actress that an actress can win only once.)
Congratulations.
Thank you very much.
(The cheat sheet that caused a problem)
I unfolded the note, read it,
came back to my seat. Then I saw my manager was so surprised.
He said, "Since you read that note,"
"people will probably think you knew you would win the award."
I'm telling you this to explain how it happened.
- She's adorable. - That's good.
- There was a twist in her story. - It had a twist.
I prepared the note just in case, so please don't get the wrong idea.
- I simply wanted to mention... - No one got the wrong idea.
all the people I'm grateful for.
Just as she said,
- it's better to prepare a speech. - That's right.
You become taken aback if you're not prepared.
It's good to think about your speech in advance.
How did your group members and your mother reacted?
- I wonder how her mother reacted. - How did they react?
As for my mom...
I once said this on "Yu Hui Yeol's Sketchbook".
I said that I hoped to win an award...
in all the three fields, singing, acting, and variety shows.
Last year, my wish came true.
- In 2017? - Yes.
- That's incredible. - My mom said,
"Daughter, congratulations." She was so happy.
Not only my family members,
- but also my group members... - Gugudan members.
They made a video of themselves watching the awards ceremony...
on TV.
At the end of my speech,
I choked when I said, "Gugudan members."
(She was grateful and sorry to her group members.)
(Teary)
My group members suddenly started crying...
while saying, "My goodness. Se Jeong."
They sent me the video of themselves crying.
Watching the video made me want to cry.
I'm always grateful for them. Thank you, guys.
Did you just talk to your group members?
There was a twist again.
- You prepared a lot for the show. - She made a video letter.
- You expressed your gratitude. - That's right.
- Good for you. - You've made your dream come true.
Do you have a new dream now?
I reduced the length of time.
- How? - You reduced it?
To win three awards this year.
- That's amazing. - My gosh.
Last year, I won an award as a member of I.O.I.
- This year, I hope... - As a member of Gugudan.
I can win an award as a member of Gugudan.
I will pull it off.
- I see. That's a big goal. - Right.
- That'd be a grand slam. - I'm sorry,
but are you doing a personal interview?
(2 different shows on 1 channel)
Is it a monodrama or what?
One of our today's guests...
voted for Se Jeong during the contest.
- Really? - At that time?
- Who is it? - Who is it?
- It's me. - Really?
- Bo Reum? - Really?
- I was a fan of yours. - Thank you.
- I was her fan. - You were one of the fan producers.
- It's true. - You were a producer.
- It'll be on the screen. - I didn't know that.
Producer Han.
(The pretty Producer Han)
I wish you were the producer of our show.
What are you talking about?
I'm too embarrassed to see Bo Reum.
I think he's still hibernating.
(His sense of humor is still hibernating.)
I really wish she were the producer of our show.
When did you become her fan? When she started standing out or...
At the beginning when I saw her self introduction video,
- I became her fan. - Really?
- I've been a trainee like she did. - That's right.
So I really enjoyed the show.
Do you think she would've become a member if she joined the contest?
- Of course I do. - Are you sure?
- Yes, she would've made it. - Why do you think so?
First of all, whatever that show was about,
the contestants need to know how to make people laugh.
She's good at this and has this.
"She's good at this and has this."
- "She's good at this and has this." - She's funny.
- She's perfect in everything. - She's perfect.
What about Hyeon Gyeong? Tell us honestly.
- Well, I... - She wouldn't have made it.
- I could just tell. - Why?
- It's... - I have those qualities too.
- I didn't mean that. - Hyeon Gyeong said...
- that she has the same qualities. - Why?
- You have those qualities, - Tell us honestly.
- but I saw her dance before. - Dance?
- She wasn't good at dance. - That's true.
- Oh, dance? - Soo Kyung would've failed.
- She would've drawn attention... - Why?
for a little unusual reason.
"What is she doing there?"
Just like Jung Jun Ha on "Show Me the Money".
- Exactly. - That's how it feels like.
Soo Kyung would have...
- Would you have voted for me? - Sorry?
- Would you have voted for me? - If you had been on the show,
I would have liked you so much,
but voted for someone else.
It's because the winners would form an idol group.
Let's get back to Se Jeong's story.
Se Jeong was the star of "Produce 101".
You must have felt different when you watched the second season.
Did you vote for a particular contestant?
At first, I became popular because of my funny side.
- So I liked Yoon Ji Sung. - Yoon Ji Sung.
- He was so funny. - He's very funny.
- Ong Seong Wu stood out later. - Ong Seong Wu.
The two of them were so funny, so I was rooting for them.
(Seong Wu and Ji Sung made a great comedy duo.)
I heard you were nosy to Wanna One members.
This is embarrassing.
This is unexpected.
- This is really... - I don't think you're a nosy type.
Singers exchange their song albums with each other.
Before I gave them my album,
I wrote a letter on my album jacket from the top to bottom.
It's because...
being on that show is a rare experience.
I told them to stay grateful and not to fight one another.
It was all kind of typical advice,
but I wrote what I wanted to tell them.
Does that mean you have fought with your group members?
- No. Never. - No?
- No. - You got caught.
Didn't you pull Jung Chae Yeon's hair out?
Actually, you take it for granted...
while you can eat with your group members,
but you come to miss those days when you can't.
Since I.O.I was a project group to only last for a year,
you realized that when the year has almost passed.
While I was working as a member of I.O.I,
Kim Hee Chul said, "Try not to get tired too soon."
His comment gave me so much strength,
and it kept me going during the time.
I hoped I could be helpful for any one of the 11 members.
So I gave it to them,
but I couldn't even see their faces since then.
- You were so embarrassed. - I felt so embarrassed...
- after giving them the letter. - You wrote it from your heart.
- After I gave them the letter, - It's touching.
I thought, "What will they think?"
"I was too meddlesome."
The members in my group asked, "Why did you do that?"
Please don't misunderstand. You can talk comfortably to me.
Excuse me. Who are you talking to?
- It's like personal broadcasting. - What are you doing?
- She has a cameraman with her. - Really?
Se Jeong.
There are so many video messages in this one episode.
There have been 3 or 4, right? She sends a lot of video messages.
When you get big attention...
- without any experiences, - That's right.
you get a mental breakdown.
"This isn't the life of a singer I had imagined."
You can come to think that way.
However, as you go on, everything will improve...
and you will have fun. I hope they wouldn't tire themselves out.
Please tell them not to tire themselves out.
Don't tire yourself out. This life really is fun.
You will know soon enough.
"You will know soon enough."
- Isn't she cute? - She is so cute.
(She successfully sends the last video message.)
Let's move on. These two are best friends.
With Hyeon Gyeong is a passionate woman,
Han Bo Reum.
Hello.
- It has been a while. - She is one of the celebrities...
Happy Together made popular.
Did Hyeon Gyeong give you any advice on being on a variety show?
Hyeon Gyeong is a senior celebrity when it comes to variety shows.
Upon learning that I will be here,
she said that we need to prepare ourselves.
- You talked. - Yes.
Since my acquaintance is here, I might get more screen time.
- She is more excited than me. - Since she is here,
I want to ride on her coattails.
It's understandable to think that way.
Last year, Bo Reum...
starred in "Confession Couple".
You received a lot of love for playing a girl crush,
Yoon Bo Reum.
I heard your personality is similar to that of the character.
Yes. Most of the characters I played...
were mysterious or going through first love.
When I am around my friends,
I am exactly like Yoon Bo Reum.
- I see. - I acted with Heo Jung Min...
- for the second time. - Heo Jung Min.
He said, "She won't need to act. This character is her."
- "They are the same." - Yes. He said that.
Some say you received a role in "Confession Couple"...
- thanks to Happy Together. - Well...
Before the director cast me,
he called the production crew of Happy Together.
He asked what I as like.
They said, "She works hard and is full of charms."
The production crew said that.
That's how I received a role.
- That's good. - That's good.
You showed you cheerleading skills in "Confession Coupe".
I heard you practiced for six months.
When I asked cheerleaders how long it takes to learn,
they said they learned the steps for six months.
To take the stage, they learn the moves for a year.
Since I had time in-between shoots,
- I took a lesson for a month... - You practiced.
and practiced for a month...
- on my own. - I see.
Let's see the routine...
Bo Reum has practiced.
(How good is Bo Reum at cheerleading?)
(Her moves are big.)
- She is good. - She is good.
(Their jaws drop.)
(She turns in the perfect angle.)
- She is like a cheerleader. - Seriously.
(Anyone would think she is a cheerleader.)
She is good.
(For her role,)
(she put her effort and passion into this routine.)
Look at that.
Show us!
(She is a girl crush.)
(Let's go.)
She is good.
(Powerful)
(She puts her arms and legs into work.)
(This is the class of the leader of Asura Cheerleading Team.)
(The performance ends here today.)
- You are so good. - You are so good.
- It was impressive. - She isn't even short of breath.
She isn't even short of breath.
(Of course she is short of breath.)
Did you see that?
Bo Reum and Hyeon Gyeong...
prepared a performance.
- Hyeon Gyeong is waiting. - Hyeon Gyeong, let's go.
(It's a collaboration between a teacher and a student.)
("Boombayah" by Black Pink)
Isn't this a song by Black Pink?
- "Boombayah". - "Boombayah".
(Hyeon Gyeong is nervous while Bo Reum is relaxed.)
"Boombayah".
Look at them.
(Are they in sync today?)
(No, they aren't.)
(Hyeon Gyeong looks like she is spinning a hat.)
Bo Reum.
She is good.
(The teacher is perfect from head to toe.)
(However, the student...)
- Bo Reum is good. - She can't keep up.
(Guys.)
My goodness.
(The guys are busy laughing.)
(The same dance routine looks different.)
Hyeon Gyeong.
(Good work, Hyeon Gyeong.)
- She did a good job. - Hyeon Gyeong did it.
- Hyeon Gyeong. - I did an amazing job, right?
- Right. - I am sorry to ask,
but why did you perform with Bo Reum?
Why don't we let Hyeon Gyeong perform by herself?
Why do you say that when I danced the same way?
- What was different? - You did everything perfectly,
- but the way you moved your arms... - You spun your arms so timidly.
(Does she really have to ask?)
It looked like you were receiving physical therapy.
- Seriously. - The way you spun your arms...
made us nervous.
Her headbanging...
made me think she is Kim Kyung Ho.
(Which one is Kim Kyung Ho?)
- When did you get here? - It's Kim Kyung Ho!
When did you get here?
In any case, she improved.
Her skills were upgraded.
- She improved a lot. - Yes.
When I was on Happy Together for the second time,
I danced to "Pick Me".
Compared to that time, she improved so much.
- She did, right? - Yes.
- Seriously. - She improved so much.
You learned this move from Bo Reum.
- Yes. - This one.
Would you show us what it's supposed to look like?
- Bo Reum will lose weight. - I am exhausted.
Are you an aerobics teacher?
- You look like one. - Perhaps she opened a studio.
Bo Reum will show us what the dance looks like.
Let's go.
My goodness.
- My goodness. - Is that the same dance?
It looks completely different.
- This is how the dance goes. - This is how the dance goes.
(A good example and a bad example)
My goodness.
(Is this what Inchworm Dance looks like?)
(She ends the performance in a lovely way.)
That was great.
(Thumbs up.)
It was the same.
Se Jeong, please close your mouth. Dust will go in.
- Dust will go in. - It looked very different.
- It did, right? - I was so surprised.
Se Jeong was surprised, too.
She is a great dancer.
What is it, Soo Kyung? Do you want to give it a go?
This dance is very easy.
- I will give it a go. - Okay.
She is the best.
You should refuse for once.
This is Soo Kyung's strength.
Why are you doing everything you are asked to do?
This is why we are thankful to have Soo Kyung in a variety show.
She never refuses to do something.
- Soo Kyung let go. - Go up.
- Then do this. - She was always like that.
She was always like that.
- What's wrong? - That was great. Let's go.
- In 3, 4. - Let's go.
What is that?
(Her dance looks different.)
(Creaking)
Do the body roll.
(I don't know what to do with that student.)
She is so funny.
It looks like she's starting a car.
Isn't she a wooden doll?
It looks like she is starting a car.
(She is as bad as Hyeon Gyeong.)
(After the Inchworm Dance comes the Wooden Doll Dance.)
She is a wooden doll.
(She ends the performance in a cute way.)
I love how cheerful she is.
- I love her. - It was lovely.
- Soo Kyung never turns us down. - Hae Sun, give it a go.
I am an actress who can't dance.
Still, I will give it a try.
I lack consistency.
Let's go.
I bet Hae Sun can dance well.
- I know. - Let's go.
(Surprised)
(She completely changes.)
(She walks seductively.)
She is good.
(Sexy)
(She kills the body roll.)
(She is the best.)
(She loves twists.)
(Respect)
What is going on?
(I will command the studio.)
My goodness.
(Kiss)
(You already fell for me.)
(They give her a standing ovation.)
(The seductive performance ends.)
That was incredible.
- She was incredible. - Seriously.
Why are you hiding your face?
- What are you doing? - Stop it.
- What are you doing? - What are you doing?
Your hair will become a mess.
It was the best.
She made Soo Kyung's performance look shabby.
- She did so well. - Thank you.
(She is the queen of optimism.)
- "Thank you." - She is cheerful.
You will go home thankful.
I will be thankful for the rest of the day.
Hae Sun played Nurse Hwang...
in a drama, "Yong Pal".
I heard you make people quake with fear.
I don't have a TV at home.
I didn't know so many people watched the drama.
- You didn't know. - No.
I didn't realize that I had become more popular.
One day, I walked into the snack bar...
I frequent to eat something.
Like the domino tiles, people at the table went...
(The customers began to quake with fear.)
They were so surprised. I found it so strange...
that I headed home without eating...
and took the elevator.
My reflection in the mirror shocked me.
- Why? - I was Nurse Hwang.
I was wearing the same makeup and costume.
I had walked into the snack bar...
right after the shoot.
People's reaction shocked me so much...
that I began to be more careful.
People get surprised when you look exactly like...
- a character in a drama. - That's right.
They can be flustered.
This happened...
when I was starring in "Don't Dare to Dream".
I asked a passerby for a direction. After talking to me for a while,
she said, "You are the one in the drama, right?"
I became so flustered...
that I pretended like I wasn't. "No."
I said that I am not that person.
She is good at pretending to be a non-celebrity.
It was hilarious...
since I was wearing the costume and glasses for the shoot.
- You were wearing the full set. - I was obviously that person.
As I walked away, she shouted,
"I will enjoy watching the drama."
"I am rooting for you."
"The drama is good."
- My goodness. - I was so flustered...
that I walked faster.
I walked like this without looking back.
I understand why you did that.
There was no way to mend the situation.
Although you were appreciative of her words...
- She had to run away. - Yes.
Since I denied it so vehemently,
- I had to keep up with the act. - She is so cute.
That was hilarious.
Some celebrities can't hide their identities...
- even with a mask. - That's right.
- Your voice can give you away. - That's right.
I bet everyone recognizes your voice on the phone.
- Everyone recognizes my voice. - I knew it.
I received a call advertising from funeral services.
"I will have to hang up because I am busy."
"You are Park Myung Soo, right?"
"You are at the age to sign with funeral services."
"With 10 dollars a month, we will oversee the procedures."
- Your voice is very distinctive. - That's right.
- Anyone can recognize it. - Yes.
Hae Sun, you surprised the employees of the security checkpoint.
What happened?
I went to the airport to attend a cultural event in Jeju Island.
My suitcase...
went in and out of the machine three times.
Then the employees said, "We will have to search the bag."
I was asked to take everything out. I was so surprised that I asked,
"What is going on?"
Apparently, I was carrying a weapon.
What?
Why did you do that?
I am the type of a person who carried everything in the bag.
- I carry things I might need. - Just in case.
Yes, I have scissors of all sizes. Big one, small one, and medium ones.
The medium ones go in each bag just in case.
I also carry a knife because I might eat fruits.
Do you carry a knife?
What are you, Santa Claus?
- Do you ever use those items? - I use them very often.
I had scissors, knives, and tweezers.
- You were a terrorist. - I had over 10 of them.
In the drama,
I had stabbed the director of the hospital.
It happened right after the episode aired.
An employee came to me and said,
"Nurse Hwang, you carry knives and scissors..."
"in real life. Gosh, it's scary."
He said that.
It's convenient to have people like her around.
- It tires me out. - They have everything.
When I go to the countryside for two days,
I carry three trunks.
- For a two-day trip? - Why do you do that?
My friends do this as a joke.
"Let's think of the most ridiculous item she might have."
- The most ridiculous item. - That's right.
Everyone came up with an item.
"She won't have this. A hammer." However, I had a hammer.
- I had a hammer in my bag. - Why did you have a hammer?
The next time, they did this. "This one is absolutely ridiculous."
- "This is game over." - What was it?
"She won't have a screwdriver."
A screwdriver.
You pronounced it in an old-fashioned way.
I haven't heard it in a while.
However, I took it out of my bag.
I had moved recently.
They sell a small toolkit...
- at a mart. - You had it.
- Thank goodness you are here. - Why do you say that?
Now that you talked about it on TV, people will know that...
it's a part of your personality.
Given the character you played, carrying hammers and knives...
is very scary.
That must be why people talked at the security checkpoint.
Bo Reum is not only good at dance,
but also with bowling and longboard.
- Longboard? - Yes.
I often ride the longboard.
I customized it to have a picture of my dog.
Can you do the techniques?
- I can do steps. - Really?
- Do you dance on it? - Yes.
I am sure you have talent,
but your hobbies include everything that is fashionable.
They are my hobbies of the past.
Really? What do you do these days?
I really like dogs.
I got a dog groomer certification.
- Did you get it? - Really?
- There it is. - I got certification.
Did you take a written test?
I got a perfect score on it.
You groom your dog.
That's right.
I also volunteer at animal shelters.
Volunteers don't want to groom...
big or scary dogs.
- However, I love dogs so much... - That's right.
that I take all ferocious dogs.
When big dogs push,
- they do it with force. - They are very powerful.
How do you hold them? I have always been curious.
Like you said, I find it hard to approach...
- big and scary dogs. - That's right.
It's important to stare the dog down.
If you show that you are scared,
the dog will look down on you.
- You need to take control. - I need to take control...
and build a connection.
- "I will touch you, not hurt you." - That's not easy.
I grab the scissors only after this process.
You have love for the dogs.
I love dogs.
It helps her do her job well.
I heard you have another hobby. You paint.
- Do you have another hobby? - Yes, I love to paint.
- She is a good artist. - That's my drawing.
She has all sorts of tools at home.
- Did you draw that? - Yes.
Isn't that a picture?
- I love cats and dogs. - How can she draw so well?
- I usually draw animals. - You never learned it.
I never learned it. I loved to draw as a child.
- My goodness. - That's incredible.
She will succeed in any field.
- Seriously. - How long does it take...
to finish a drawing?
It takes about a day.
How did she draw that?
One time, I was so absorbed with drawing...
that I didn't leave the house for three days.
You will need to stop working to keep up with your hobbies.
When do you act?
My agency told me to cut back on my hobbies.
They told you that.
When I debuted as an idol singer and failed,
I bottled up everything. I didn't talk about my struggles.
I see.
- I began to lose hair. - Really?
- My body reacted to the stress. - My goodness.
It never went away.
I lose hair every time I am stressed out.
To be happy as an actress...
- You thought about it. - I thought about it.
Picking up hobbies...
and learning and experiencing new things...
make me happier in my free time.
When I am in a drama,
I become absorbed in it.
I memorize the entire script.
- You memorize every lines. - Yes. During the shoot,
when someone asks, "Which scene came beforehand?"
- I can tell him. - That's impressive.
I become absorbed in it.
- That's how I act. - Hyeon Gyeong doesn't do that.
I only look at my lines.
She is so different.
- She is very different. - Yes, she is.
Soo Kyung also learns many things.
- However, it never lasts a month. - I like trying...
a bit of everything as a hobby.
Including myself, most people are like Soo Kyung.
- We buy books to learn something. - Everyone does that.
- I do that, too. - Me, too.
That's right.
- What did you learn before? - For a short amount of time,
I learned taekkyeon before.
Would you give us a demonstration?
(She gave a demonstration without refusing.)
Directors at private academies love people like her.
- She never refuses. - She never refuses.
- Seriously. - Pansori.
Let's hear a bit of pansori.
- Right now... - For how long have you learned it?
- Do it like this. - Sing a bit of it.
(Disheveled hair)
Sing a bit of it.
Was it okay?
Hyeon Gyeong, why don't you give it a go?
(It sounds similar.)
Bo Reum.
Disheveled hair
- She is good. - What was that?
- What was that? - What was that?
Soo Kyung is taking a loss after a loss.
Soo Kyung.
She is getting attacked left and right.
She can't beat anyone.
- Bo Reum is a great singer. - Soo Kyung is getting attacked...
- left and right. - She is good.
- She didn't learn it. - She is good.
Se Jeong, give it a go.
- You are a singer. - I am a bit nervous.
(No way.)
(Skilled)
(She takes 2 losses.)
Are you attacking her, too?
- She attacked her. - Stop doing that.
Please don't say,
"I haven't done this before."
Just say you have done it many times.
Seriously.
Soo Kyung is disheartened.
- Let's hear it from Hae Sun. - Hae Sun.
- Please sing '"Disheveled Hair". - She is a musical singer.
- I am not good at pansori. - You still have singing skills.
(Changing)
(She is a great pansori singer.)
She is a great pansori singer!
(Soo Kyung loses again.)
I can't believe you.
You are so cruel.
She is a great pansori singer!
I knew from the moment she danced.
She is annoying.
You are attacking me a lot today.
Seriously.
This is hilarious.
(Their chemistry earns them 2 episodes.)
(Along with the Queens, Part 2)
The queens are here. I will be upset of you change the channel.
- How cute! - How cute!
(The most popular singers from each genre are here.)
(She won't count her songs...)
(from her former group.)
(Because she is a trendsetter.)
(To get more air time,)
(Strategist Hwang decided to exclude "Pick Me".)
- That's right! - Wheesung said...
(Wheesung wanted to include songs he wrote lyrics and melodies too.)
(However, it wasn't allowed.)
- Try to talk to him. - That's not allowed.
Wait, they are singing "Gashina".
(No way.)
("Gashina")
(Here's another song of our guest!)
(The men are in trouble.)
(Daniel makes a serious remark.)
We decided to include "Pick Me".
(They are the most competitive.)
- They are not singing our song. - You should include "Pick Me".
(How will Daniel's plan end?)
There's a ranking list of our guests' songs.
It's about popular songs at karaoke.
The list almost matches the order of guests getting off work today.
- That's right. - Yes, indeed.
When I introduce the songs,
you guys can sing a snippet of the songs.
- Here we go. - It's the chart of popular songs.
48th place goes to Sun Mi's "Gashina".
(48th place, "Gashina" by Sun Mi)
(What?)
Don't sing that part. Sing the chorus.
(She gets engrossed in her own song.)
- It's frustrating. - Where are you going, leaving me?
Sun Mi, it was more than a snippet.
- We must keep things short. - It's because...
- she got excited. - So why don't I...
- I got excited. - clear this up for others.
If the chosen song is "Gashina",
just sing, "Why are you leaving me?" Only sing the chorus, please.
59th place of the Popular Song Chart goes to Wanna One's "Energetic".
("Energetic" by Wanna One)
(I'm drawn to you even more)
(Pull me close)
- Why are you singing that part? - That's too long.
- He said not to sing for long. - You can't do that.
- It will be like "Music Bank". - Okay.
Let's try this again.
59th place goes to Wanna One's "Energetic".
- 5, 6, 7, 8. - You should just...
- I'm feeling so energetic - I'm feeling so energetic
- That's great. I like it. - This is it.
But you can't count in the beginning.
- They can't start at the same time. - My goodness.
- They must start right away. - Try to communicate with your eyes.
- That's how it is on "Music Bank". - They must work together.
- Sun Mi, let's start again. Sorry. - Let's do it again.
- Hey. - "Why are you leaving me behind?"
Why is this so important?
- It's the highlight of the show. - Why is this so important?
- Jae Seok cherishes... - Right.
- this segment the most. - This is my segment.
- This segment is so valuable. - This is for his own benefit.
- You come here for this segment. - That's right.
- This is the most important to me. - Fine.
- All right. Here we go again. - Let's just play along.
48th place goes to Sun Mi's "Gashina".
(48th place of the Popular Song Chart, Sun Mi's "Gashina")
59th place goes to Wanna One's "Energetic".
(59th place of the Popular Song Chart, Wanna One's "Energetic")
- Great. - Well done.
182nd place goes to Hong Jin Young's "Love Battery".
(182nd of the Popular Song Chart, Jin Young's "Love Battery")
(This is what I wanted!)
- This was the best so far. - This is what I'm talking about.
- That was so awesome. - Isn't this amazing?
This is how it must be done.
- Let's see Rhythm and Blues Chart. - What should we do?
28th place goes to Wheesung's "Love... That Cruel Disease".
(28th place of Rhythm and Blues Chart, "Love... That Cruel Disease")
53rd place goes to Wheesung's "Even Thought of Marriage",
(53d of Rhythm and Blues Chart, "Even Thought of Marriage")
- Sing it like Sae Ho. - Yes!
65th place goes to Wheesung's "Can't You?"
(65th place of Rhythm and Blues Chart, "Can't You?")
153rd place goes to Wheesung's "With Me".
(He's like a singing machine.)
(He has their complete trust.)
- Only his songs were on the chart. - He owned that chart.
- We'll check out dance songs now. - Let's check the chart.
Third place of Dance Song Chart goes to Sun Mi's "Gashina".
(3rd place of Dance Song Chart, Sun Mi's "Gashina")
Great. Sixth place goes to Wanna One's "Energetic".
(6th place of Dance Song Chart, Wanna One's "Energetic")
20th place goes to Wanna One's "Burn It Up".
(20th place of Dance Song Chart, Wanna One's "Burn It Up")
159th place goes to Unnies' "Right?".
(159th place of Dance Song Chart, Unnies' "Right")
(I'm pretty, right?)
(They made the segment entertaining!)
Wasn't that great?
(Jae Seok's foresight...)
Now, I get why Jae Seok cherishes this segment.
- This is so fun. - Listening to the songs was fun.
- It was fun, wasn't it? Great. - I agree.
I heard Jae Hwan sang Wheesung's songs when he was in school.
- Yes! - "Yes"?
- He got his confidence back. - Yes!
- Which songs did you sing often? - How was the tempo of the song?
Actually, there was a time...
- that I entered a high school. - Okay.
"There was a time he entered a high school."
- I did too! - So what happened next?
- Good for you. - That must have been hard.
So when I was in school,
Wheesung was like a legend.
(To aspiring singers, he is like a legend.)
- He used a hard word. - Park Hyo Shin was one too.
- All right. Tell them. - Both of them were legends.
- Wasn't "Wit Me" famous? - He really likes this.
- I sang it because I liked it. - Savor this moment.
Jae Hwan, could you sing a snippet of the song, please?
- Should we sing it together? - He's leaning forward.
- Really? - Why don't you...
- Why don't you sing with him? - This is so nice.
- Sing the song together. - But Wheesung,
now that a junior singer is going to sing your song,
- you're on the end of your chair. - He's really happy now.
- He seems truly happy. - Please sing the song for us.
("With Me" by Wheesung)
(The legendary singer starts the song with his sweet voice.)
- Wait. Hold on. - You'll sing the next measure.
(I thought you wanted to sing the song together.)
- He was going to sing the next one. - Hold on a second.
- You were supposed to alternate. - I seriously thought...
- This isn't "Immortal Songs". - I was mistaken.
- This was Jae Hwan's turn to sing. - You weren't supposed to do this.
- You were to sing it together. - Okay, okay. Let's do it again.
- I got it. Let's do this again. - Sing one line, and he sings next.
- Right. - Then you'll sing next.
- Hey, your jaw is about to drop. - Again. Let's do it again.
Gosh, he's so peculiar.
- Jae Hwan, do you want to sing 1st? - Then can I sing 1st?
- Okay, you should. - Thank you.
Tell us if you want to sing first.
- We have a lot to cover. - I like watching
(Jae Hwan sings "With Me" first.)
(You're doing great.)
- He's good. - He's doing great.
(Mellow voice)
- Gosh, he's a great singer. - Try harmonizing with him.
- Why don't you even - Why don't you even
(The legendary singer harmonizes moderately.)
(They display the perfect teamwork.)
- You were so great! - This deserves a standing ovation.
- Hey, isn't he a good singer? - How wonderful.
You seem like a completely different person when you sing.
A little while ago, you looked like a singer who had been wronged.
- He's a different person. - He is an excellent singer.
- Indeed. You're amazing. - He's great. This is awesome.
- Gosh, he's great indeed. - You're quite the charmer.
- I agree. He has his own charms. - How charming.
Wheesung, what did you think?
- How did it feel? - Actually, he and I starred...
on "Immortal Songs" together.
(Jae Hwan sang "Goose Daddy" with all his heart.)
(He hit the high notes perfectly.)
When he sang on that day, everyone in the room flipped because...
- he was such a great singer. - Precisely.
Min Hyun, what kind of songs do you often sing at karaoke?
- I like ballad songs. - Such as?
- Which song do you sing? - I usually sing "Marry Me".
- "Marry Me". - I really love that song.
Could you sing the song for us?
- Right now? - Yes.
- Is it Maktub's song? - That's right.
Marry me
He's great.
(Would you hold my hand?)
(This is nice.)
(Do you want to spend the rest of your life with me?)
(Yes! Let's do that!)
- That was phenomenal. - Hey, you are a great singer too!
- Everyone in the group sings well. - He sounded...
- very sweet. - His voice was similar to Maktub's.
- Exactly. - Seriously.
- Daniel, do you sing Heize's... - Sing it after Daniel.
- "You, Clouds, Rain" often? - You can go after Daniel.
I am a big fan of Heize.
It's been ages since I've been to karaoke, but I hum this song a lot.
Can you sing us a part of the song?
(Why don't we all enjoy his singing?)
I did it because I thought of you
It didn't mean anything
(His voice is divine indeed.)
- I rap, so I'm not that good. - He sings it differently.
- He's good. - It's a great song.
- Jae Hwan, you sang a bit before. - You have a great voice.
But which song do you sing often at karaoke?
- I... - Is there another one?
- "The Day We Met Again". - I love it.
- I used to practice the song a lot. - Is he happy again?
- Did that make you happy? - Yes, he feels happy now.
- I'm happy. It's a great song. - He has mood swings.
- Should we sing together? - "Should we sing together?"
Again?
(He warms up his voice.)
Let me start now.
(He's so adorable.)
(He gets serious.)
(He gets ready to harmonize.)
- It came out before I knew it - I knew it
(He adjusts the key in order to harmonize with Jae Hwan.)
(How nice.)
(He's engrossed in the song.)
- My gosh, they were great. - The harmony was great.
I love the harmony.
(Their chemistry explodes.)
- My goodness. - Wheesung can get off work now.
- She said he can get off work now. - What did she say?
- What kind of songs did you sing? - I just...
I sang songs like Ha.E.D's "Geenie".
- Geenie, when you're not with me - Geenie, when you're not with me
- Do you know the song? - Of course.
- Of course, we know. - I don't think they know.
- Do you not know the song? - Do you not know "Geenie"?
- The time is - It's my first time hearing it.
(It sounds like she's swearing.)
- I thought she was cursing. - Doesn't she sing like this?
- I thought she was swearing. - Her tone sounded like she was.
But that's how she sings, right?
(They are intrigued.)
Sing that part again.
(The time is passing)
That's how she sang it.
- I want to be your mystery - That's it.
She did sing just like that.
- Do you go to karaoke often? - I...
- Which song do you usually sing? - I like sentimental songs.
- Give us an example. - He's young,
- but he knows a lot of oldies. - Name a few songs.
I guess he likes old songs.
He knows most of the old ballad songs.
Name a song that you think can be considered really old.
(What's the oldest song he knows?)
(Everyone is curious to find out.)
(Glancing)
I'm not sure.
(I'm not sure.)
- He must've felt uncomfortable. - But the thing is that...
- he is very honest. - That's all right.
- Not that many people admit that. - He's so innocent.
- People don't say that often. - He's so young.
- His reply is quite refreshing. - Right.
- He's so innocent. - Wait. Min Hyun, what about you?
What's the oldest song you can think of?
Well, the old songs that I know are...
- Lee Moon Sae's songs. - I see.
Which song?
- "In the Shade of the Street Tree". - I know that song.
- "In the Shade of the Street Tree". - Yes.
- I'd consider that an old song. - That's a great song.
- Daniel. - Daniel.
"Me to You, You to Me".
("Me to You, You to Me" came out in 2001.)
- Me to you - Scenery of Riding Bicycle.
Is that the oldest song you know?
- It's old for me. - I listened to it when I was young.
What's the oldest song you know, Soo Hong?
It's TAS' "Waiting Everyday".
Can you sing it for us?
Dark and murky
You are indeed dark.
I thought it was your theme song.
- Really. - My gosh.
- You surprised me. - Why did he sing that?
All right.
Whatever Daniel does becomes an issue these days.
You shopping with your mother...
became an issue.
When I earn enough money,
I wanted to buy her a gift first.
So I did as soon as I could.
- He's such a sweet son. - What did you buy her?
I bought her clothes...
- and bags. - My goodness.
Goodness.
- He's a good son. - Soo Yong also went shopping.
But my mother buys me everything.
(He's still a baby son to her.)
- Does that make you happy? - Yes.
Instead of you buying a gift for your mother,
- your mother buys it for you. - Right.
He's such a sweet son.
During the interview, Jin Young analyzed...
his team members' characters.
(Last week, he showed his ambition to join a variety show.)
(He was filled with ambition,)
Start.
(but he ended up just acting very cute.)
(Will today go as Jin Young planned?)
Tell us about Daniel.
Daniel looks reassuring on the outside,
but he's actually like an elementary school kid.
He's an elementary school kid.
It's very easy to make him laugh.
- What does he mean? - He laughs about anything.
So he laughs about anything.
He laughs about something that's not even very funny.
(Daniel always laughs.)
Overall, he acts like an elementary school student.
Yes. Daniel...
and I don't laugh at the same jokes.
So he laughs alone.
Does he laugh alone?
He laughs alone.
He's laughing even when I don't find it funny.
(He can't understand him.)
When he laughs, I don't laugh.
So you laugh at different jokes.
How about Min Hyun?
Min Hyun and I became a lot closer...
these days.
And sometimes he overdoes things.
- I... - How so?
I am very touchy.
I am very touchy with these guys.
I think he is adorable.
- You kept patting him. - Right.
I do it because I think he's cute, and he seems to not like it.
Sometimes, he sends me kisses.
- Does he? - It's my way of showing affection.
- How do you do it? - Show them.
(He's such a lovely man.)
He should face the camera.
I can't believe he does it to other men.
See? They are...
(Yong Man sends Jae Seok his kiss.)
What kind of a person is Jae Hwan?
Jae Hwan is a little old-fashioned.
Old-fashioned?
In what ways? How is he old-fashioned?
How should I say this?
- He acts like a school principal. - A school principal.
Does he give you lessons?
(Principal Kim Jae Hwan)
I get what he means.
He talks like this. "That is..."
He rests between words.
My goodness.
Jin Young is good.
(He's a rising variety show star.)
Jae Hwan, what do you think of Jin Young?
We often describe his actions...
as mutiny.
(Jae Hwan counterattacks.)
That's very strong.
- So... - That's very strong.
He treats us very comfortably,
although he's much younger than us.
So he's like Jae Seok among us.
Really?
Do you tell them your honest opinions?
He's honest.
These guys are older than me,
- but I treat them like my friends. - We are friends.
We didn't give him permission.
He's the only person who thinks we're friends.
We never gave him permission.
It's the same for Jin Young, isn't it?
- He's like Jae Seok. - I know.
Who's the most awkward person in the group?
With whom do you feel awkward?
Let's say you're alone with him.
I don't feel awkward with anybody.
But I can't talk to Ji Sung for a long time.
Ji Sung.
(I can't believe this.)
I suddenly miss Ji Sung.
How's Ji Sung? How is he?
He's still very bubbly.
But he wouldn't be too quiet. He would talk a lot.
- He talks a lot. - Right.
And there's a big generation gap.
He's very straightforward.
He's amazing.
He said some important things.
He talks slowly yet honestly.
The other members have gone completely quiet.
Daniel seems to sympathize with him.
What he said about Ji Sung is true.
Ji Sung get along well with us.
- Yes. - Yes.
- We got along very well. - He knew everything we know.
He's the only bridge that connects us with Wanna One.
When Ji Sung says something, I pretend to understand.
Then I search about it.
(He's very funny.)
He talks like an old man.
And the day after, I pretend to know what he's talking about.
What did you recently search about?
- He mentioned about Serengeti. - Serengeti.
- I didn't know what it was. - You don't know it?
- It's a park in Africa. - I found out...
- that it's a national park. - It's a national park.
It's very interesting.
This is Jin Young's...
first time to be on public TV.
Because he doesn't have experience, he's got that rawness.
I know.
- He's fresh. - His words are unfiltered.
It's like seeing a conveyor belt sushi.
- What? - Very fresh.
Why did you mention that all of a sudden?
I am craving for sushi.
Now, to win the chance card,
the singers will have a singing competition.
Wheesung, do you want to start?
Yes.
What will you sing, Wheesung?
I will sing Primary's "See Through".
("See Through" by Primary)
This song is really nice.
- "See Through". - It's a very nice song.
I think you're just trying to get a high score.
You were going to sing a ballad.
I'm told I can't get a high score with a ballad song.
- Wheesung. - Yes.
Please begin.
(How would Wheesung sing Primary's "See Through"?)
[VIU Ver]
E524 Happy Together
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(He enjoys the groove.)
("See Through" became more colorful with Wheesung.)
(What score did he get?)
(He got 90.)
90.
- That's very high. - That's high.
That's considered very high.
That's very high.
He plays with the rhythm.
(He controlled the rhythm freely.)
- He's amazing. - He did everything by himself...
including rapping.
He did.
The next person must feel the pressure.
- Is it Sun Mi next? - Sun Mi.
(Sun Mi is next.)
I will sing Twice' "Cheer Up".
- Goodness. - This is nice.
(Sun Mi will play all 9 roles.)
(She's very relaxed.)
(She's slightly having a hard time.)
(Are they soldiers?)
(Rise, 600,000 soldiers!)
(Come on, Sun Mi!)
(Cheer up!)
(She struggles.)
(He's struggling too.)
(I will act like nothing’s up)
(Laughing)
(She uses the remaining bit of energy...)
(and ends it.)
That was supposed to be sung by nine people.
Don't sing this ever again.
- She sang it alone. - She skipped a few bars.
- She did. - She skipped a few parts.
Right? She didn't sing a few parts.
- Hey! - She didn't.
You didn't sing a few parts.
(She got 77. So far, she's got the lowest score.)
She's suffering too much.
Sun Mi,
it's supposed to be sung by nine people.
- It's tough to sing it alone. - It's not easy.
- It's... - Will you go home now?
Will you go home after singing "Cheer Up"?
She's exhausted.
- All right, everyone. - Who's next?
Wheesung is currently winning with the score of 90.
Next is Jin Young.
(She's very confident.)
- Koyote's "Pure Love". - This song is exciting.
Koyote's "Pure Love".
- This is... - Koyote?
- She chose... - This is an upbeat song.
- an upbeat song. I knew it. - It suits her.
- She's true to her reputation. - All right. Thanks for joining us.
(The Master of Performing at Events)
It's nice to meet all of you here on Happy Together today.
Everyone on Happy Together, scream!
(Screaming)
Scream one more time!
(Her performance hits home for the middle-aged men.)
- You're great! - This is so fun.
Gosh, she's so much fun. Seriously. This is great.
(She's a model example of an exciting show.)
This is great.
(She raises the key, which is great!)
Her voice sounds similar to Shin Ji's.
Great!
(I want to hold onto you while begging)
You're doing great.
(Everyone,)
(sing the chorus!)
(He's the excited the most.)
(The excitement is reaching the climax.)
(It was the most exciting performance of all.)
(What is the score of the performance?)
- What's the score? - I think it might be over 90.
- It's in the 70s? Hey, we won then! - My gosh.
- What just happened? - It's a 20-point difference.
(She is last.)
What? Why did she score so low?
- This is unbelievable. - Let's just get second place.
- The score just killed the mood. - We're covered.
- She did great. Why did she get 76? - We are covered.
- She should've gotten over 90. - We're safe now.
- What happened? - Let's just score 85.
- Okay. - Let's just get second place.
Third place is great too.
- Which song will Wanna One sing? - Their score is too high.
- We prepared to sing a ballad song, - This is hard. It really is.
- Yoon Jong Shin's "Like It". - I see.
- We can't spoil this excitement, - That's right.
- so we changed to another song. - What is it?
- They'll change at the last minute. - It's Blackpink's...
- "Whistle". - "Whistle"? That's a great song.
(They'll sing "Whistle" by Blackpink.)
- Whistle - Whistle
(Our goal is getting the 2nd place!)
(Wanna One's interpretation of "Whistle")
We're going to sing in its original key.
- In female key? - Yes.
We're going to try singing this in female key.
- Let's go. Great! - You'll sing it in female key.
(Cheering)
(Min Hyun, let's go!)
(Singing in its original key)
My gosh, he's doing great!
He's fantastic.
(They can sing the song in its original key without any problems.)
(This is how much I want you)
(It's Rapper Daniel's turn.)
(Perfect teamwork)
(My gosh, these guys are doing an excellent job.)
My goodness, they're awesome.
(Grinning)
(The main vocalist starts singing.)
(Everyone is on board with the combination of these guys.)
(Slowly, the atmosphere gets heated.)
Let's go!
(Whistle)
(Imitating a motorcycle)
(You thought it was over?)
(We'll sing all the way until the end.)
(They're only singing the 1st verse, but the song doesn't end.)
(Awesome!)
(You can do this, Jae Hwan!)
(- Do I keep singing? - Yes.)
Good for me!
(Acting chic)
(Believe in me.)
(I am...)
(the king,)
(Jae Hwan!)
(Look at that!)
They're singing "Energetic"!
- They're singing the song now. - "Energetic".
- Pardon? - It's playing in Room Two.
("Energetic" is being sung in Room Two.)
- "Energetic" in Room Two. - Let's start now.
- What's the score? It's 89! - It's 89 points!
They were amazing!
We got second place.
They scored 89 points!
- I've never been in 1st place. - We're in 2nd place.
- Goodness, Wheesung. - I didn't know the rap.
- My gosh, they got 89 points. - We are going to get this.
- My goodness. - Their song is being sung now.
- What a bummer. - Gosh, they are great singers.
So 1st place goes to Wheesung with 90 points.
2nd place goes to Wanna One with 89 points.
3rd place goes to Sun Mi with 77 points.
- It was only a point difference. - I can't believe she is in fourth.
- The difference is a point. - How could Jin Young get 76?
Shall I sing one more song?
No, no. That's all right.
(Pouty)
She did a great job though.
What time is it right now?
- It's 10 minutes before 6. - It's 5:50pm.
Are we going to start now?
- We are going to begin now. - Let's start already.
Sing My Song!
- Let's see who will get off first. - We're in Hongdae.
Here we go. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
- It begins now! - All right!
Okay.
- Let's see how this plays out. - Let's observe first.
- Let's watch first. - If the customers sing any of...
- your songs, you can leave. - We can leave right away.
- We can get off work right away. - You may leave immediately.
- We'll be off work. - We have to use our chances.
Let's check what kind of songs the customers are singing now.
I see Park Hyo Shin's "Fool".
- They might sing Wheesung's song. - That's a possibility.
- They might sing my song too. - Right.
- Park Hyo Shin? - From my observation, I think...
they like to sing ballad songs like Hyo Shin's.
- They are singing "Tears". - That's a given now.
- She could've gone home in 10. - But the thing is...
"Tears" is very popular.
- That's another song. - Chan Whee has the fastest record.
Right, right. Let's check out Room Two.
- It's "Like It" again. - They're singing "Like It".
"Like It" is loved beyond one's gender and age.
- It's the song of the year. - I agree.
Let's check out Room Three.
They sang Hyo Shin's song. They're done. They're leaving.
- They didn't sing Wheesung's songs. - No.
- They could've sung Wheesung's. - They probably would've sung his.
They could've sung Wheesung's, but they are leaving now.
- I want to add minutes for them. - All right.
- Now that we have started... - Did they sing it yet?
Jin Young told us that he wanted to stay here longer earlier,
but he is watching three of the rooms with utmost attention.
- He keeps watching carefully. - He watches with his sharp eyes.
- That's right. - They might sing my song.
- In the music video of... - New customers came in.
- Room Three, I see Wanna One. - That's right.
- but it's not Wanna One's song. - Hold on a second.
- Is their music video on? - That's their music video.
- Wait. That's... - Customers might be influenced.
- That might be an advantage. - You can't do that.
- Music videos are effective. - The owner plays music videos.
- What can we do about that? - Are they chosen randomly?
- Of course. - This could be a big advantage.
- They're pointing at the video. - Please.
- What if they sing Wanna One's? - What if they sing it now?
No, no. No way.
- Wait. - What if they're practicing now?
- They are all ladies, right? - Yes.
- They are at the age where... - They are younger than Sun Mi.
- they like Wanna One. - Are they talking about Wanna One?
- Right. They were pointing at them. - Exactly. They did that.
I also think they might sing Wanna One's song.
- For some reason... - For some reason, I think...
- there could be a connection here. - Let's listen to the conversation.
Are they the famous group?
- "Are they the famous group?" - "Are they the famous group?"
- They're talking about Wanna One. - Yes!
- She was asking about Wanna One. - Please!
- "Energetic". - I think they're going to sing it.
- I have a good feeling about this. - So do I.
- No way. No way! - I think they're going to sing it.
- We just started the segment. - Hey, this is crazy.
- Please! - They kept talking about the video.
- They are looking for it. - They are looking for the song.
- Keep going. It's Sun Mi's. - "Like It".
Sun Mi!
(Will they sing "Gashina"?)
(Or will they sing Wanna One's song in the music video?)
Sun Mi. It's Sun Mi's. Go down one more. Wait a second.
- "Blackpink's". - "Blackpink's".
- "As If It's Your Last". - The one below was Sun Mi's.
- The one below was Sun Mi's. - Yes, that was her song.
It was only off by one.
(The start button was pressed as if it was her last chance.)
- That was so close. - My goodness.
But let us keep hoping.
Yes, keep your hopes up.
We expected them to sing Wanna One's song since they were mentioned.
- Suddenly, it was Sun Mi's song. - It was Sun Mi's song.
- In the end, it wasn't. - The chance is gone.
This segment keeps you on your toes.
- That's the fun of this segment. - This is quite thrilling.
- It is, isn't it? - Definitely.
My gosh, what a bummer.
- I didn't know, but Wheesung... - Right now...
listed over 200 songs in Korea Music Copyright Association.
- Is that true? - I have about 300 songs.
- 300 songs? - All of them are listed?
- You must get a lot of royalties. - There you go again.
Well, yes. It's enough for me to get by even if I don't work.
- You get it even if you don't work. - Yes.
- You wrote a lot of songs so far. - That's a lot of money.
Which song gives you the highest royalty?
- Which one is it? - The song with the most royalty...
was Youn Ha's "Password 486".
("Password 486" by Youn Ha)
How did you write that song?
I thought it'd be "Heaven".
It's one of the songs I can't ever forget about.
I wrote the song two days before I started my service in the army.
I was working on Ailee's first album,
but until the last moment, there wasn't a song I was satisfied with.
Then I got the song two days before,
so I rushed to write the song,
arranged it on that day, recorded it the next day,
and I joined the army the next day.
- You rushed it. - Yes.
- That was a hit. - It became a hit.
I didn't have any income during two years in the army,
- but "Heaven" made it up. - But that song.
It literally was a paradise for me.
It's a paradise for you.
(He's proud.)
- Let's check Room One. - We're good.
Room One.
("You're the One for Me" by Triptops)
Room Two.
("Embrace" by Sung Si Kyung)
It's Room Three.
("I Want to Fall in Love" by Kim Jo Han)
Kim Jo Han.
Put it down please.
- I have no idea. - It's all ballad.
I was expecting Wanna One's song in Room Three,
but it's not going to the right direction.
This means it could be a long term.
You need to watch the rooms carefully while talking.
We can't watch them all.
You must take care of yourselves.
Sun Mi can't take her eyes off.
I'm surprised.
- Wheesung. - Yes.
Did you just call your friends?
- Were you checking time? - I checked time.
- You shouldn't text. - I'm getting nervous.
- Don't call your friends to sing. - Are you doubting him?
We need to collect cellphones.
- He's just nervous. - I think Jin Young will...
- Are you just nervous? - go to the room with many people.
- I'm going to check all of you. - We're going to check you.
We can tell if they're your friends.
If they rush in to sing his song, it's 100 percent his friends.
Text them to say you got caught.
- We should check the cellphone. - It's obvious...
if they start looking around as soon as they arrive.
- We can tell when we see them. - Yes.
I heard Jae Hwan almost got into trouble because...
he's jealous of Daniel's sexiness.
What do you mean you almost got into trouble from copying him?
- He walked out topless... - Yes.
- after taking a shower at home. - So?
Daniel always wears a necklace.
It looked very cool.
- So? - The necklace.
I thought I should try it,
so I found one and wore it.
- I wore it for two days. - And?
- Then I took a shower wearing it. - And?
I'm allergic to metal.
(I'm allergic to metal.)
(Allergy terror)
(He feels bad.)
- Oh, I see. - He got an allergic reaction.
- What? - They're singing Produce 101.
Oh, Produce 101.
- It's out. - Wait.
(Is Daniel's prediction right?)
- Where? - "Never".
- Room Three. - Good luck.
"Never" doesn't count.
- "Never" doesn't count? - It's in the album.
It's not Wanna One's, but Nation's Son.
Right. It's Nation's Son's.
Oh, we didn't see that.
We actually talked about adding it.
- Only Wanna One's. - We don't count Wonder Girls.
Only the song that all the members sang together.
That's a relief.
- We have a high chance. - They might sing it.
- Room Three has a high possibility. - Right.
(Please sing our song.)
Everywhere
- Oh, food. - We have food.
I was waiting for this.
- Food is here. - We have food.
(He stands up automatically at the news of food.)
- What is it? - Let's eat.
- Let's eat when it's still hot. - Wait. The song...
- Thank you. - Thank you.
(They're amazed.)
- Here. - Thank you.
Pass it down.
(Hongdae's new rising food, cheese chicken)
- This is nice. - This is good.
- It's a lot. - Right.
They're typing Wanna One.
- Wanna One. - Wanna One.
- "Energetic". - Room Two.
(What would Room 3 choose?)
- They scrolled it down. - Room Two.
They scrolled it down.
- They did it. - Oh, you scared me.
- Did they do it? - They scrolled it down.
- They did it. - They scrolled it down.
Wait.
("Energetic" by Wanna One)
(Awesome)
(Room 3 chose "Energetic".)
- Room 3 chose "Energetic". - Room 3.
- We should go, right? - Room Three.
- Room Three. - When they start singing.
- The food... - We have to eat it.
- You can't eat it. - Leave the food.
When your song plays, you can't eat the food.
Do you want to eat the food or do you want to go?
We'd rather go.
If you eat the food, you can't go.
Wait for them to sing for a bit.
Wait. They might not sing it.
- They might not sing it. - They stop after the first part.
They might stop it.
He's the one. The one that looks like a dog.
- He's Kang Daniel. - Right.
(I'll be there soon.)
(Sing "Energetic" recklessly.)
You can go for "Energetic" now.
(They're attacking the karaoke.)
- It's Wanna One as I expected. - Wanna One's up first.
However...
- People in that room are so lucky. - I know.
As soon as we opened the food.
How would it feel to see Wanna One suddenly?
We have no time. Hurry up.
- It's fun. - Hurry up.
- Hurry up. - Hurry up.
- This is awesome. - We have no time.
Oh, this is...
- This is exciting, isn't it? - Yes.
When you walk in,
- Do we just sing? - sing.
It's Seok Jin's first time.
(I'm going crazy)
(You cannot stop me)
(Wanna One in the monitor screen...)
(comes to life.)
(Is this a dream?)
(As if they just walked out from the monitor...)
(She's overwhelmed.)
(Wanna One appeared in front of their eyes.)
(They're so shocked that they became speechless.)
(They're back to themselves. They start enjoying it.)
Are you having fun?
(Dancing)
(They're singing passionately for the girls.)
(Is this high pitch real?)
(Daniel's up.)
(He joins the table naturally.)
(Wanna One's mini concert in the karaoke)
They're frozen.
- They're surprised. - They're so surprised.
They're so surprised.
They would never forget it.
- Of course. - Right.
- They can't even scream. - They can't even make a sound.
(He's singing next to them.)
(Karaoke attack is a success.)
- Hello. - Hello.
Nice to meet you. We're from Happy Together.
- Were you surprised? - Yes. So much.
You were so surprised. How did you feel when Wanna One walked in?
- Pardon? - They're handsome.
- They're handsome. - Who's your favorite?
Kang Daniel.
I pick Min Hyun.
- Let's go up. - I'm so happy.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
We'd appreciate it if you could go up with us.
We already have the first one. Has it been 40 minutes?
- "Gashina". - What?
- Is that "Gashinayo"? - "Gashinayo".
("Gashina")
- Gashinayo - "Gashinayo".
- "Gashinayo". - "Gashinayo".
Doesn't it count?
(It's a funny twist.)
- "Gashinayo". - "Gashinayo".
(She was excited for a second.)
"Gashinayo".
They're here.
Congratulations.
(Welcome)
You're beautiful.
Congratulations.
I know you're surprised.
Can you introduce yourselves briefly?
Hello. I'm Kwon Jae Hee from Gyeonggi Province.
- Jae Hee. - She's pretty.
Hello. I'm Bae Gyu Na from Goyang-si.
- I see. - Okay.
What brought you to Hongdae today?
- We have a day off. - What do you do?
- We work at a hotel. - I knew it.
You were very polite when you greeted.
- I see. - I see.
When you first entered, Wanna One's music video was playing.
- Who was it? - We heard it.
Someone said, "Is that them?"
Who said it?
"Is that them?"
I was checking to see if they're the ones I know.
Wanna One...
Honestly, I don't know them well.
Oh, you don't know them well.
- Who knows them well? - Her.
- Her. - Her.
They recommend each other.
(Let's say they both do.)
Wanna One succeeded with "Energetic",
but unfortunately, they can't eat the food.
(Unfortunately, they can't eat the food.)
We'd like to give it to you, but it's the rule.
(They were listening carelessly.)
- For real? - It's the rule.
You should've sang five minutes late.
Daniel's so disappointed.
- I can't eat it? - If you sang five minutes late.
- He's so disappointed. - It's the rule.
Can we take it to go?
You can't do that.
- They're disappointed for real. - Yes.
I've never seen anyone like them.
Daniel's very hungry right now.
Since they're our blood brothers, let's give them one.
(Thank you.)
- To these three people, - Yes.
we'll give them an album as a gift.
We have it in the back with Wanna One's autograph.
We'll give you Wanna One's album with their autographs.
- Here. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Is that T-shirt a gift?
Is this T-shirt a gift?
No. That's from Wheesung.
- That's from Wheesung. - Oh, Wheesung.
That's ours. Come on.
- Come on. - That's from Wheesung.
Can't we give it to them as a gift?
No. They didn't sing our song. No.
- Sometimes you can't. - Why would you be angry?
- I'm not. I'm saying that's ours. - He's not happy.
Hey. That's ours.
- Hey. What are you doing? - We haven't even started yet.
- Why would you take them? - He's weird.
- What are you doing? - I mean...
- Gosh. - What are you doing?
We have to return it now.
Why would you take this?
It's been a while since I go home early.
- Gosh. No. - Why would you take the albums?
Enjoy your time.
- Let's thank them again. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Enjoy your time.
- I'm very happy. - Pardon?
- It's exciting. - In the elevator...
When I saw it in the screen, I got so excited.
I talked so fast. I was in a rush to get there.
- Min Hyun kept watching it. - Yes.
How did you feel, Seok Jin?
It can never be better.
It's my first time.
I was always the last one to go home.
So it was the people born in 1981 who were cursed.
Seok Jin wasn't cursed.
Right.
- That was the problem. - Right.
Why would you make him sad?
When Seok Jin is not partnered with someone born in 1981,
he gets to go home early.
All right.
Wanna One is always too busy to eat well.
We usually don't give our guests food,
but you are our brothers.
- That's why we're giving you food. - Take this with you.
- Thank you. - Enjoy.
Please take a photo with Wheesung.
Give them some chopsticks too.
- I love it. - Are those new?
That's really precious to you, isn't it?
- I'm... - Really?
- He loves his snacks. - He's obsessed.
- All right. - You should move forward.
(They take a photo to celebrate Wanna One's going home.)
(Wheesung's Instagram)
I love it.
(They're happy to be the first to go home.)
We are just thrilled.
We were thankful that people enjoyed it.
It made us happy...
to meet our fans...
and to talk to them.
We feel proud that we made...
someone's day very special.
We love you.
Let's have some night snack.
(This night snack will comfort their mind and body.)
Have a taste, Sun Mi.
(It's sweet and sour...)
(chicken stir-fry with cheese.)
This is just the beginning.
When you hear your song, you have to run there.
You're watching, right?
- It's really delicious. - We have to watch it.
That doesn't matter. You have to look there.
- What did you say? - I said I'm staying long.
You have to watch them.
(I am watching.)
Now that Wanna One is gone, it feels very empty.
- I know. - They're singing "Pick Me" again.
- They love it. - They love that song.
Since it's boring, should we play rock-paper-scissors?
- What? - Why would we do that?
The winner wins a chance card.
But we already did it.
She's strange, isn't she?
You could've just play along.
(She's still sad that she didn't get to win the chance card.)
Play along?
Let's see her acting cute and...
We've already seen a lot.
- Give her a chance. - We've seen enough.
We've seen enough, haven't we?
Stop it.
She's unbelievable.
- She's so cheerful. - She is.
Now, each time a team leaves,
the atmosphere drastically changes.
(Each time a team leaves, the feeling of emptiness grows.)
- It really happens. - Right.
The atmosphere already changed.
Now...
- What is it? - What is it?
I saw my name.
- You surprised me. -It's the usual symptom.
- Why? - Press it.
- You get surprised... - Press it.
when you see your name.
- They stopped at Wheesung. - They stopped.
- Press it. - They stopped.
Press it.
The people at Room One stopped at Wheesung.
- Will they press it? - Amazing.
(Please press the reserve button.)
- Did they press it? - They did.
- Wait. - They didn't.
- What happened? - They went backwards.
They went backwards.
My gosh.
That was close.
I thought you wanted to stay until the end.
I saw my name, and I was glad to see it.
We will change the tape.
- Should we do that? - Yes.
- Okay. - 1, 2, 3.
(It's break time.)
(The cameras are off,)
Let's do it again.
(and they are having fun.)
It doesn't get pinned to the board.
(Sun Mi is the only one staring at the monitor.)
- Now... - Someone is singing mine.
- Where? - There!
- Where? - "Rain Drop".
"Rain Drop".
(It's really Wheesung's song.)
- Aren't they singing it? - Let's check Room One.
- Let's check Room One. - What is it?
Rain Drop.
(It showers)
Is it "Rain Drop"?
(They're really singing it.)
- Wheesung! - "Rain Drop".
Is that Wheesung's song?
Wait. Wheesung did it.
(Hurrah, Wheesung!)
- Let's go. - Wait.
(I can't believe I'm the runner-up!)
What's wrong with him?
(He's overly excited.)
I thought he didn't care about the competition.
- Wait. - Wheesung.
- You said you weren't interested. - You did it.
You said you weren't interested in the competition.
- But I am too happy. - You look happy.
- He went through a lot. - Today...
(It's been a tough day for him.)
(Wanna One expected him to go home last.)
(He was waiting without any hope.)
We're the last!
You don't know yet.
- Everyone... - It's been tough for him.
expected him to go home...
- last. - Wait.
But he's the second one to go home.
This song...
did so poorly when I sung it.
IU did a cover of it and that became a hit.
But she's singing my version.
(She's singing Wheesung's version of the song.)
- This is touching. - It is.
He's nearly crying.
Why are you crying?
- He's been through a lot. - I was so worried.
- You're nearly crying. - I am not.
- He's nearly crying. - By the way,
shouldn't we hurry there?
- She might stop in the middle. - Let's hurry.
- Wheesung. - We're worried too.
What if she's not my fan?
Sun Mi might be the last one to go.
It's not the time to dance.
- Don't dance. - Will she go last?
- Wait. - It's not the time for that.
(Thank you for choosing my version over IU's version.)
(I will run to you right now.)
(I am...)
(coming to meet you.)
Some customers are using the elevator.
(The customers are waiting for the elevator.)
No way.
(They are on the 2nd floor.)
(They need to get on the elevator to go to the 4th floor.)
What if the song ends?
If it ends before you enter, you will fail.
Can't we use the stairs?
You can't use the stairs. People will find out.
Take your time.
I think the song is nearly ending.
(She's singing the 2nd verse.)
(It's a bad timing.)
(The customers are preventing Wheesung from going home.)
(He can't just wait.)
(He's got no time to waste.)
- How... - Wait!
Room Three is singing "Love Battery".
(Room 3 is singing "Love Battery".)
(Wheesung's song is nearly ending, and Jin Young's is starting.)
- Wait. - Let's go.
Room Three is singing "Love Battery".
No! No!
Why?
Wheesung has to go first.
Go!
- Hurry. - They chose "Love Battery".
Should I press the button?
(Wheesung is about to get on the elevator.)
This is crazy.
- You can go now. - Let's go.
(Jin Young goes to the karaoke too.)
- It's okay. - We're ruined, Sun Mi.
I told you we should've chosen Wonder Girls' song.
- But nobody sang that either. - Wait for me.
- We're ruined. - It's chaotic.
(The song is nearly ending.)
(They finally enter the karaoke.)
(They have to enter the room before the song ends.)
(What will happen?)
(They made it!)
(He instinctively grabs the mic.)
(He's dumbfounded.)
Hello.
It's Wheesung.
(She's surprised.)
Wheesung is happy...
because this song originally didn't do well when he sung it.
When IU sang it, many people love it.
But she's singing Wheesung's version,
and that made Wheesung emotional.
- We didn't know about that story. - There was that story.
- Right. - We only found out now.
Let's check Room Three.
They went in.
(Jin Young enters the room.)
(They're shocked.)
(They are trying to figure out what is happening.)
(Give me love)
Give me!
(She now understands what happened.)
(Jin Young puts on a special performance.)
2 teams succeeded at the same time. This is the 1st time.
It's the 1st time to see 2 teams singing at the karaoke.
Two teams are there.
(The king of rhythm and blues and queen of trot seize the karaoke.)
I never knew this day would come.
"Gashina" is yet to come out.
(Sun Mi will be the last one to go home.)
- How can she go home last? - My goodness.
(Wheesung only got to sing a few bars.)
We almost failed.
(He ends it nicely.)
It ended.
(He's overwhelmed.)
It nearly ended.
The end was near when we entered. You saw it, right?
(It was a good performance.)
(They are still having fun.)
(They still can't believe it.)
(She sings more passionate than ever.)
(You are my battery)
(The battery is charged.)
I can't believe it.
Oh, gosh.
(Her heart nearly stopped.)
I was shocked.
I can't believe it.
This is the 1st time 2 teams succeeded at the same time.
(2 teams succeeded at the same time for the 1st time.)
Let's give it up for everybody.
Let's talk to Wheesung's team first.
We heard this song is not very popular,
and it didn't become a hit...
when Wheesung sang it.
But it became popular when IU sang it.
Today, you sang Wheesung's version.
You sang Wheesung's version, right?
She likes the original version more,
so she sings it often.
How did you feel when Wheesung entered?
(Let me take that for you.)
- That's not even heavy. - He's so sweet.
- My goodness. - She's his baby.
He's very sweet.
He's very sweet. Please tell us about it.
He looks different in real life, so I didn't recognize him at first.
But he's really handsome.
Thank you.
We need to talk.
(Wheesung becomes restless.)
- What did he say? - He's jealous.
How did you feel when Wheesung entered?
I am Wheesung's fan.
I love listening to Wheesung's songs.
But I can't manage singing his songs.
(He can't dare to sing the masterpieces.)
I like the old songs such as "Incurable Disease".
I love those songs.
You're a big fan.
(That's the title song of his third album in 2004.)
(He's been Wheesung's fan for a very long time.)
(It's a meaningful encounter.)
- Also, - Yes.
two teams succeeded at the same time. This isn't common.
- It's the first time. - Right.
"Love Battery".
(Jang Eun Ji, Lee Ah Ran)
What brought you to karaoke today?
We were here for a good salmon donburi restaurant.
Okay.
- We stopped by before going. - We stopped by to get hungry.
- Before you eat delicious salmon, - Yes.
you wanted to make yourselves hungry.
- To be hungry? - To be hungry.
When someone opened the door,
I thought they were going to tell us to leave.
But Hong Jin Young walked in.
It was so...
(She's still trembling.)
She's really cute.
- It's an album with my autograph. - Yes.
It's a perfect size for him.
- It's for you. - Thank you.
They helped me go home happy.
I'm very happy to be here today.
- "Meaningful". - "Meaningful".
She keeps saying that.
So now, Wheesung and Jin Young can go home.
(Wheesung and Jin Young are off together.)
It's the first time to be off together.
- Hey. - I'm leaving.
- Bye. - Bye.
I wasn't planning to go home early today.
I think I'm lucky.
- Pardon? - I'm lucky.
Are you having a talk show?
I'm lucky.
- I'm enjoying the shooting today. - Right.
It's true.
We're having fun because of you.
- Why? - Because you're staying.
We'll think about using the chance in 5 minutes.
- Use the chance before 10 minutes. - Yes.
- She's the finale. - Yes.
- No. I won't use the chance. - Are you sure?
You shouldn't decide it alone.
It's regardless of time.
Let's check Room One.
Are they...
("Love Fool" by The Nuts)
- It's an old song. - I think they'll sing "Gashina".
Let's check Room Two.
(Room 2's on fire.)
After this...
Room Two is going crazy.
(They're going crazy.)
Put it down please.
Usually when they sing "Fire",
they dance like this, but he's...
(Fierce dance)
(Fire)
- He's impetuous. - That's not common.
(Then...)
- Room Three. - "Gashina".
- Wait. - Yong Man.
- It's real. - Put up Room Three.
- It's awesome. - We were talking about Room Three.
See?
They're singing.
My neck...
- Gosh. - just hurt.
It's shocking.
I'm surprised.
(She's glad to see her song as much as she waited.)
- Sun Mi... - Go to Room Three.
You kept your pride.
- Today, - It's good, Sun Mi.
everyone went home without a chance.
Hurry up.
(Are you going to Room 3?)
Let me open the door for you. 1, 2...
(There's a shadow outside the door.)
(Everyone. Sun Mi's here.)
(They froze.)
(Isn't that Sun Mi?)
(He's smiling brightly.)
Let's sing it together.
(Is Sun Mi dancing in front of me?)
- What's going on? - This is crazy.
Dance with me.
Dance with her.
Awesome.
Sing with her.
(She can go home.)
("Gashina" with Sun Mi)
(It's fun.)
(Are you leaving me?)
(It was a good performance.)
Awesome.
- Thank you. - You must've been surprised.
Did we scare you?
Congratulations.
- This is it. - Congratulations.
Do you sing "Gashina" often when you go to a karaoke?
Yes. I sing it almost every time.
(She's touched.)
How did you feel when you saw Sun Mi?
- I was so surprised. - How about you?
- I've seen this show a few times. - Yes.
I imagined of you entering. I really did.
People know us now.
I was really surprised.
Your imagination came true today.
- Yes. - She showed up in front of you.
I danced really hard.
She wouldn't dance so hard even on the stage.
- This is great. - I'm grateful.
We're all going home before 8pm for the 1st time.
That's how legendary these singers we had today are.
- Right. - It's a Legend Special.
Thank you very much...
- Thank you. - to those who stayed with us today.
We'll be back again next week with finale song singers.
- We'll be back next week. - Thank you.
(We'll guarantee that the Finale Singers Special will be fun.)
(Finale singers)
(How were they after the show?)
(It was terrible.)
(I should be modest.)
(A battle with their pride)
(I'm going to be the last again.)
(Crazy legendary episode that will make you faint from laughing)
("Heroine" by Sun Mi)